feat: switch to scylladb-node-exporter sidecar for ScyllaDB >=2026.3 (#3482)
scylladb/scylla-operator: docs/source/deploy-scylladb/before-you-deploy/configure-operator.md

* - `scyllaUtilsImage`
  - ScyllaDB image used for running utility scripts (perftune, sysctl). Determines which tuning scripts are used for performance optimization.
  - Latest ScyllaDB image.
* - `scyllaDBNodeExporterImage`

>   - scylladb-node-exporter image used to expose node-level OS metrics for ScyllaDB clusters running version 2026.3 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `scylladb-node-exporter` image that ScyllaDB Operator runs as a sidecar to expose node-level OS metrics for ScyllaDB clusters. For versions before 2026.3.0 this field is ineffective (as node-exporter is bundled and run directly within `scyllaDBImage`)
```

Author: done
